<!-- List Out the features of HTML 5-->

Main features of HTML 5 are-

1.Semantic Element :- When constructing an HTML script, the term “semantic” refers to the
                      meaning of the text. Semantics, to put it simply, is the use of HTML 
                      tags that accurately reflect the content they contain. For instance,
                      using the <div> tag doesn’t suggest the content it will carry, however
                      using the <p> tag suggests it can be used to hold paragraph information. 

2.Audio and Video Support:-One of the many HTML 5 features is the support for audio and video.
                       It has reduced the hassle of relying upon third-party services such 
                       as Adobe Flash player. To embed Audio and Video into your HTML document, 
                       you may use the following two tags, <audio> and <video> tags. 

3.Canvas Elements:- Canvas Elements is a top-notch feature that has made the tedious task of
                    handling graphics easier for developers. With the help of Canvas elements, 
                    you can easily draw graphics using JavaScript. It is optimum for creating
                    simple animations and drawing photo compositions. 

4.Geolocation API:- The Geolocation API is an HTML feature that is used to access the geographical
                    position of a user, however, it is not accessed unless the user approves of it.
                    If you’re wondering where this feature is useful, these come in handy while 
                    creating apps like taxi apps, food order tracking apps, fitness tracking apps,
                    and more. 

5.Local Storage:- It is a modern feature of HTML and several browsers that typically store data
                  in the user’s browsers and can access them with the help of JavaScript APIs. 
                  This feature is useful for creating offline applications where data is need
                  to be stored locally. 

6.Web workers:- When you are performing several demanding tasks at once, the browser gets 
                sluggish and responds slowly. Because of this, web workers were added to HTML 5 
                to allow scripts to operate in the background without interfering with the UI thread. 

7.Form Enhancements:-HTML 5 introduces new features for your existing forms on HTML to create a 
                     more robust user experience. Some of the key enhancements in the new HTML 5 
                     include new input times such as email, URL, and more, placeholder text, 
                     required fields feature, validation, and more. 