<!--What is SEO and explain the importance of SEO?-->


SEO :-SEO stands for search engine optimization. SEO is a set of practices designed to improve
      the appearance, positioning, and usefulness of multiple types of content in the organic
search results. This content can include web pages, video media, images, local business listings, 
and other assets. Because organic search is the top method via which people discover and access 
online content, utilizing SEO best practices is essential for ensuring that the digital content 
you publish can be found and chosen by the public, increasing your website’s organic traffic.


Importance of SEO-:

1. Traditional Organic Results -:  Google’s most familiar results are the traditional organic results,
                                  which consist of links to website pages ranked in a particular order
based on Google’s algorithms. Search engine algorithms are a set of formulae the search engine uses to 
determine the relevance of possible results to a user’s query.

2. SERP Features -: Beyond the traditional organic results, search engines can surface a variety of
                    other displays which can be categorized under the umbrella term “SERP features”.

3. Visibility and Rankings-: When searching for a service or product online, users are more likely 
                            to choose one of the top five suggestions that the search engine shows 
them. After all, while Google may return thousands upon thousands of search results for any given term.

4. Web Traffic-: To put it simply—if potential customers can’t find your website, you miss 
                 out on sales opportunities. SEO increases your organic search engine traffic, 
in turn increasing the number of visitors your website sees each day. This directly correlates to an
increase in sales—because the more relevant people see your site, the more chances you have to sell to
them. 

5. User Experience-: A well-optimized website clearly communicates what product or service is being 
                    offered, shows how to obtain it, and answers any questions surrounding it. User 
experience is a major ranking factor for Google.
